Mention GHA on features list (#2546)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/index.md

- [``\LaTeX`` syntax](@ref latex_syntax) support.
- Checks for missing docstrings and incorrect cross references.
- Generates tables of contents and docstring indexes.

> - Automatically builds and deploys docs from GitHubActions or TravisCI to GitHub Pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatically builds and deploys docs from GitHub Actions to GitHub Pages, and also supports several other CI providers.
```
